My tea's gone cold
I'm wondering why I got out of bed at all
The C tests fill up IntelliJ
And I can't code at all
And even if I could, it'd all be futile
But the office hours at 2am
It reminds me that it's not so bad
It's not so bad
I procrastinated too much last night, got tests to pass
My head just feels in pain
I missed the lecture and there'll be hell today
I'm late for the project again
And then Adam joins my call and it's not so bad
It's not so bad
And I want to thank you
For giving me the best class of my life
Oh, just to join the office hours queue
Is having the best day of my life
0 students in front, I'm home at last
And I'm failing tests through and through
And then you handed me a late pass
And all I see is you
And even if my tests run O(n^4)
I wouldn't be screwed
Because you're helping me
And I want to thank Adam
For giving me the best lab of my life
Oh, just to join the office hours queue
Is having the best project of my life
And I want to thank you
For giving me the best class of my life
Oh, just to join the office hours queue
For giving me the best class of my life
im in my love with my ta is it appropriate to hit them up after this class is over
I remember myself back in high school when 
I actually used to enjoy learning, and was 
genuinely excited to make myself smarter. 
Now, I just trudge through sets, exhausted 
by the sheer amount of random material thrown 
at us that I just forget in the span of a term 
or two. I detest this change, and I wish I could
change myself back to the person I was before. 
Honestly, this was pretty manageable when it was 
being balanced by the fun and drama of living with 
other amazing, smart people, but now, all of the good 
parts are gone, and only the drawbacks remain. I guess 
I am smarter because I came here, but I can't lie, 
sometimes, I regret it.
I've been grinding bullshit work for the past two years now and it's ceased to have any meaning. I don't care about my work anymore, and combined with my addictions, I've lost all discipline to work efficiently.
The other day, I was listening to this old music playlist of mine, and I was very much soothed. I'm very much a metal kind of guy, but I used to listen to much softer music, and I think listening to it now, after so much pointless suffering, really calmed my soul. It was only for an hour or so, but I think it was beautiful. I wish I could have carried what I felt for that hour into today, and into tomorrow, and into the forevermore. I really need to feel ok again.
Why is ph106b such an ass class? I get that we're supposed to know E&M but are all that vector calculus gymnastics really necessary, like come on bro I haven't touched that shit since frosh year and I'm expected to know everything perfectly well from day1. The fuck?
No cap one of the reasons I miss being on campus because there was a TCG store nearby and even the Target on Colorado actually stocks trading cards while here back home it's a goddamn desert in comparison for this stuff. Nothing like buying a pack after your interview and going plus on your purchase.
When am I supposed to grow up? I thought I'd be more mature and have left social media behind by now. The state of affairs is sad.
The benefactor of the newly built Chen Institute has been a delegate to CPPCC, which is part of the same regime that has been labelled by activists and the US government as authoritarian and genocidal. Why do I not see any of the advocates behind the renaming gambit pushing for the demolition of that Institute building? Double standard I guess, since many of them are actually benefiting from the very same funding/grants?
I saw the email about the Caltech Socialist Club's "Don't Work for War" event, and I do have to wonder if they offer any solutions, suggestions for WHO to work for rather than just who NOT to work for, suggestions for employers where one can earn good pay and benefits, or if the event and provided resources are just an endless series of DON'Ts and restrictions.
trying to survive junior year with 16 hours of time difference on top of 3 mental illnesses and 4 chronic physical ones (all affected by sleep) is fucking impossible. The profs are really flexible with attendance, which I am very thankful for, but I still need to go to office hours and collab with people at ungodly hours, given the nature of my major. Can't come back to the states bc of stupid travel ban. 
Why am i doing this to myself. Should've taken a year off. I just want to wake up one day and not feel any pain. is this too much to ask
because of the pandemic can the Humanities requirement be lowered??  I don't want to spend my remaining in-person units at Caltech on humanities classes when I could've been taking classes I'm more interested in.  I propose reducing the required humanities units to 81 units, ie. losing the additional 36 general humanities units.
I swear if Caltech doesn't bring at least some people back next term
I feel trapped. Can't take leave now; I'd miss two good in-person terms next year. Can't just take 1 term off because pre-reqs and abc courses. With most other (significantly larger) universities across the country opening, the excuse that it's not safe is gone. Colleges have shown they can prevent on-campus outbreaks. I know the Pasadena Health Department is to blame, but such a policy seems like a misguided lashing-out when many of the students denied residence on campus will likely live in the area anyway. Arguably, these students would be safer from COVID if they were on campus getting tested weekly with no need to go to the supermarket or restaurants for meals.
Caltech needs to do more to give us a real experience. Just taking online classes doesn't cut it.
Has anyone found it weird that we hear a ton about women in STEM and gender equality, but nothing like that in any other industry? Nothing about men in teaching (89w:11m in primary schools/76w:24m overall) or nursing (91w:9m) or in medicine (60w:40m for under 35 aka without those that leave to be moms). These ratios shocked me because they're much worse than in STEM, especially when fields like bio-X which are women-dominated are included. But I am drilled into my head about the importance of women in stem from admin, teachers and the media ever since elementary school but only about STEM.
Like I feel like diversity is important and cuts both ways but I find it hard to support and contradictory it if it only matters in one direction.
Why is getting gender equality in stem compared to other fields so important? Is it just because it pays well? I don't think STEM is any more important to society or the future compared to medicine, nursing or teaching. To be clear, I do want to see more women in stem but find it strange that it's stressed so much in these fields compared to any other.
Caltech is just a breadth-first search of the core requirements and option requirements. Change my mind.
why do i always feel incapable
I'm a sophomore and I didn't make many friends last year. I spent a lot of time alone since I didn't think I would have much to say or do with anyone else, and I regret that very much. Hopefully when we all come back to campus I can introduce myself, say yes to the lunch I had no reason to say no to before, attend festivals on Beckman Lawn, and maybe even ask her to a cup of coffee
Please stop with the Eugenics and building renaming posts. We get that those people should not have buildings at Caltech named after them but it just gets tiring seeing the same topic posted on this page over and over again. Quite frankly it's not like we can do anything about the building renaming procedure since admin has complete control over that. It just seems useless to argue about it in the comments over and over again.
Seeing all these confessions about people so PASSIONATELY wanting to keep things named after eugenicists is honestly quite disheartening. The quality of some of the analogies and "thoughts for discussion" used as comparisons is equally disappointing (even just in terms of how much they're NOT analogous). Then again, when apparently even people on the committee for renaming were basically debating whether eugenics was a bad thing or not, it's hardly surprising.....I'll admit I wasn't necessarily passionate about the name change, especially at first, but I never really opposed it. How butthurt do you have to be to want to cling to the name of things that were named after ppl who actively advocated for something horrific? As a woman, I'd feel disheartened if Hale was honored this much given that Hale equated "creating a world class STEM institution" with clearing women from the premises, and that's not even a fraction as bad as what these folks fought for. And frankly, after reading this article, I don't know how anyone could really think that clinging to a name because...precedent??? is really more important than embodying our values by who we choose to honor.
i'M nOt raCiST, bUT....
Okay joke, I just feel like this is the vibe some people might think this has. It's not. In fact, according to many people I am physically incapable of being racist. 
That being said, I think this whole renaming thing is absolutely fucking stupid for so many reasons. There are so many better ways this time and effort could have been spent. I don't think changing the names does absolutely anything. Especially changing Ruddock.
The people most behind changing the name of Ruddock don't know ANYTHING about the house or the association of the name AND I know they didn't make an effort to include the house in this conversation. This accomplishes nothing. A Black student considering here before all of this wasn't seeing names like Ruddock and going "Ah man, I was really thinking about coming here but now that I see the name of this obscure random guy who was involved in the HBF I feel SO TRAUMATIZED and unsafe so I CAN'T come here!!!"
There is still going to be a severe lack of racial diversity and no amount of name changing will do anything about that. 
Nah, fuck this.
I'm probably not alone in saying that this online stuff is really starting to get to me. I feel like I'm becoming an automaton: wake up, go to computer, ingest knowledge, sleep. And while the stuff I'm learning is cool, it falls so short of the campus experience.
A couple things that have helped me stay human. Going outside for a run, bike, hike, etc. Jumping in a discord at random hours just to talk. Taking some time out of my week to hang out physically (and safely) with my friends who are in the area (mostly from high school). Organizing and attending events like game nights. Trying out new ways to stay connected. Anyone have any other suggestions?
just reading through all the negativity on this page, I feel the need to say: you don't gain anything from hating people just because you think they're happier than you. just live your life.
Organizing a music festival in the desert for undergrads in California. Already have been in contact with students at UCSB and UC Berkeley. Artists and DJs confirmed. 
Anyone who is interested should come, it’ll be a great time to decompress and experience some normalcy during this pandemic.
Comment or like below if you are interested. I will message you the details.
Whenever a professor states that a topic is outside the scope of the course, I always wonder if there exists a special course which specifically covers topics outside the scope of the original course. In my experience, such topics are never addressed in other courses. I also wonder if there exists some sort of secret 12-unit course not listed in the course catalog which covers ALL such topics which are beyond the scope of Caltech undergraduate courses, ranging from courses in Biology to Anthropology to Cooking. Furthermore, I ponder whether there exists an even more secret course which covers topics outside the scope of the original secret course. Perhaps there is an infinite set of secret courses not listed in the course catalog which are devoted to topics outside the scope of normal undergraduate courses and outside the scope of these secret courses. Perhaps we will never know.
I was someone really involved with student government on campus. I had a solid group of supporters many of which I'm still close with to this day and also a solid group of folks who would have happily tossed me under a train (probably still would). A few years out, I can say it was a formative and valuable experience and has served me well in the post-Caltech world. 
I also feel completely taken advantage of by Caltech -- both admins and my fellow students. How is it normal to have a 20 year old ""in charge"" of the mental health of a dozen of their peers? How is it okay to ask students to organize some fun pre-frosh weekend event without pay without offering extensions for any of their classes? How is it okay to verbally abuse someone because somebody didn't like their handling of an election complaint? The expectations we have of Caltech students especially on top of an already crazy workload is really not reasonable -- I picked three random examples, I'm sure there are better ones. (Not trying to call out the admissions office BTW; I think they are lovely people. I do feel most of the admin I interacted with were decent folks who genuinely wanted to help students, just finding some examples.) My time on the BOC was valuable and worthwhile, but I look back and I'm aghast I didn't have to go through any sort of unconscious bias training before making those sorts of decisions. Etc.
I do place blame both on admin and students for this. I see a lot of folks pointing to admin these days and criticizing them for not doing enough for minority groups, but at least my memory of Caltech -- to be fair, mostly restricted to Booty House -- wasn't heaven from the students either. I remember all sorts of pressure for the women and non binary folks to take on much of the emotional labor for the house. Collaboration meant it was impossible to separate cliques and politics from ability to get work done effectively. I remember in Booty house a strong gender divide on drinking vs not drinking, and the emotional burden was always on the women to prove they were ""not judging"" and ""relatable"". We should hold Caltech accountable for stuff like Millikan's history, AND (not but) we should also hold our fellow students and alumni accountable for how we treat each other day to day. 
My advice to current student leaders would be -- it's great that you're passionate and don't give up on your energy and desire to make an impact. These experiences will make you stronger. But your mental health comes first. If you aren't appreciated, sure you can self reflect, but it also means folks don't deserve you. Put yourself first. You don't owe anything to your house and you never did. 
I'm super interested what people think of this. I'd love to hear thoughts. I'd love to talk non anonymously also tbh if i knew I wasn't just going to get flamed.
It’s barely a week into winter term and I’m tired. Just dog shit tired. SURF searching is going at a snails pace. My classes are good but I can’t seem to find the motivation with in me to work with focus or dedication. I am quite literally sleeping eight hours per day and just wasting the rest. My friends are in worse or similar situations and they seem to be finding the drive to push forward both in academics and outside. No confession here. Just tired and it scares me cause I have ten weeks left and it’s far too early to be feeling the hurt.
Reading the comments on the president, why doesn't Caltech have an alumnus be president for once? A lot of major universities tend to have people who actually went to their school take major leadership roles after all, there has to be someone who went to Caltech with the credentials. Look at Harvard, Princeton, Yale, UC system (not MIT, smh), their presidents at least have went there for undergrad or grad. Someone who knows Caltech that has the qualifications should be able to run the school. There are alumni that are presidents or have higher positions of other schools.
Once upon a time there were students at Caltech,
Living among a giant stuffed bear. 
One fateful day all the students were sent home,
and the bear was left alone there.
She sat by her lonesome in Avery
waiting for the students' return.
Unfortunately this was not for a while
as she would soon learn.
But one day a student came back to the sunny West Coast,
excited to pick up what she had missed the most.
Upon looking for the bear she soon realized
the bear was not among her possessions that were set aside.
So now she is writing a Caltech confessions post to see if anybody in Avery remembers packing a giant stuffed bear away in one of the rooms directly by the East gate, and if they put her in a box or with all of the stuff that was too big to box (couch, etc.).
Thanks.
Any tips for a fellow classmate for going through the stages of grief and hard times? I know it's only the start of the term, but I'm scared that I won't be able to make it through with my low productivity, sadness, and just anxiety. It sucks so bad right now for so many reasons I don't even want to list right now. My classmates seem so engaged and ready to work -- & I am so happy for them, like truly, I am. I don't want to seem saltly about it b/c obviously, these times are difficult. But crap, is it just me or why do I feel like I'm the one who is really struggling through this (pandemic and just life in general)? I just feel SO alone in this.
online rotation is so painfully awkward. i feel like it's impossible to give off a good first impression/to meet people/to get a proper feel of what the house is like. god i just want people to like me but every time i open my mouth i say something stupid and want to die. please just like me and let me into your house i'm scared i will get rejected from all houses
i always hate reading the president's messages. if i had to guess why, it's cause (1) i think caltech is shit so i don't appreciate him gaslighting us, (2) he has no sense of creativity or good writing, it's always boring recycled platitudinous sentences,  and (3) it's so blatant and obvious he tries to be as safe and apolitical as possible, doesn't even try to hide the fact he's simping for the legal team and the trustees. Like just the simple fact that he uses passive voice in the final phrase: "Innuendo and falsehoods substituted for facts, fairness, and the people’s will, with the resultant storming of the U.S. Capitol." throwback to his response to BLM where he didn't mention any of the words: police, race, justice, etc
Does anyone else enjoy fishing wads of toilet paper out of their asshole?
(This doesn't have anything to really do with Caltech stuff, I'm just asking for help here since idk what to do lol)
I have been friends with someone for a little over two years. It was platonic for most of that time - I only realized that I had feelings for him about two months ago.
Last month (on Black Friday, for an indication on when I'm sending this, lol), I confessed to him, and while it's definitely mutual, he communicated to me that he needed a bit of time to figure out if he was ready for a romantic relationship, for a variety of completely understandable reasons (it would be a LDR, he has some chronic physical health issues that were worse when he was younger and so and feels a bit inexperienced in life in general, his parents aren't the most accepting people, etc.). I agreed to let him figure it out - I absolutely don't want to rush him into something he doesn't feel ready for, even if it is mutual. We still talk pretty much every day, with a bit of a break during finals, because we do just enjoy talking to each other.
It's been a bit over a month since I confessed, and I don't know if asking for an update now/relatively soon about if he has figured anything out would be too much. I would absolutely make it clear that if he hasn't come to a decision, that's not a big deal - if the update is essentially 'I still don't know,' that won't make me upset, I just want some communication there. I haven't asked him at all for an update prior to this - I know feelings can be hard and don't want to rush him, especially as we are both currently on winter break and are taking some time individually to relax - but I can definitely be a bit impatient too.
I have never been in a relationship before (I don't get crushes easily - he's actually only my second one), so I have absolutely no idea if this would be pushing it. He has also never been in a relationship before, and I absolutely do not want to pressure him into anything at all; while I obviously would be sad if he decided that pursuing the romantic route wasn't a good idea, I would 100% respect that choice. I basically just want some input as to whether I should wait for him to update me on his own, or if I should politely ask for an update, whether I ask now/in a few days or in another few weeks.
Is it normal that I do not want school to start? Like at all. I’m a frosh and in high school i loved classes and school and I had some enjoyable grateful moments in the fall term but being an international student sucks. I am dreading going back to never seeing sunlight and dreading school in general and I wonder if it’s cuz it’s online or just how caltech is (which I refuse to believe).
Does it get better? Is in person school more enjoyable? Any perspective on the difference between this platform and the offline platform will be greatly appreciated.
I'm a frosh and I hated fall term. My first term at Caltech should not have been online. Should've taken a gap year.
As soon as I graduate I think I'm going to delete all Caltech students as FB friends, I've met nothing but freaks here
I'm addicted to Tinder. Somebody please send help.
ok so I don't have a 4.0 anymore and I'm scared I won't get into a T5 grad school. Am I tripping or should I actually be worried
I don't know if I'm just burnt out or if I'm depressed. I have to literally gain energy to fight myself to get in the mood to do work, and then I have to actually do the work itself, which causes more energy. It's like I just hate work. 
Like I'm really excited to do non-CS things, but fuck me dude I don't want to do this anymore. I don't know it's weird because it's all the symptoms of depression, but I'm only depressed when I try to get work done, maybe I can just wish it away? Any tips? I know alc and sex are both bad ideas (they didn't help!) anybody got anything else? Thanks (sadly I wish I was joking).
Sometimes when I’m on zoom with friends hearing them interacting with family is so bizarre because they seem to have decent family situations. Obviously that’s good but I could not imagine having your family take interest in what you’re doing, or like have a dad that doesn’t treat you like an underperforming stock option that he can’t sell? Just so strange to me
People sometimes assume i have a small penis because i am an Asian Male but i actually have i huge penis and whenever i hook up (hookups are surprisingly easy as a grad student, perhaps because of the more mature age range of the dating pool, or maybe i just didnt get much experience as an undergrad) i whip it out dramatically and relish in the surprise. Slowly but surely i am dismantling the stereotype. Perhaps this is my calling, to do god’s work for the asian race. I just need to hook up with every girl in the world to fulfill my destiny.
Once caltech has finished its Covid vaccination procedure, i propose a massive party/orgy in brown gym to blow off one hell of  a stressful situation
I’m a sophomore at MIT, and right now I’m wishing I had taken my Caltech acceptance instead 😕 I’m still friends with some Caltech people on facebook, and the social scene seems so much more wholesome and less focused on prestige-signaling. I also feel like it would have been easier to admit to my struggles in hard math or cs classes if I were in a place with so few people; as it is now, my math classes still have almost 100 people in them, and everything feels so depersonalized.
I had such great upperclassmen hosts during the campus preview, but I let myself get scared off by my fellow prefrosh because I had trouble becoming friends with them as quickly as I did with my host. I hope y’all are doing well! You seemed really cool
I truly do not believe that I could have gotten through this term without my TAs at Caltech, pre-pandemic, and now. Some of my TAs, and one in particular, have really expressed so much empathy and care. They've really gone above and beyond. Thank you. Really wish I could give you all a hug and like give you something to really show my sincerity and appreciation. Your kindness and understanding move me, especially in a time like now, and I won't ever forget it. The world could use more people like you. If I get to walk the stage in person next spring (or when I get my degree in the mail lol), I'll be thinking of all the TAs who have got me to where I am. Thank you thank you thank you.
I feel like the classes at this school move so fast that I don’t have time to actually fully absorb/learn anything. It’s just pset after pset. It’s an exhausting, never-ending cycle that doesn’t leave my brain feeling fulfilled.
Can I sue caltech for destroying my mental health? and my vision? and my back? and my will to live?
What was that Physics 12A final! It constitutes 40% of our final grade and I can't even be sure if I got the first question right. I thought the difficulty would be comparable to that of our sets, but this was miles above and beyond that and a new territory of hurt. The exam writers really should have made it easier this year given everything going on
I'm a prefosh who was just admitted yesterday. Honestly, I'm already concerned about a few things. I do not know if I'll be able to float here academically, since I'm not the smartest and always worked hard for my current grades. I'm also not sure if I'll float socially--I don't seem to fit in with a lot of the other prefrosh on Discord. This may be because they're more talkative online or something.
I'M GOING FUCKING INSANE
I CAN'T SCREAM INDOORS BECAUSE THEN I WAKE EVERYONE UP AND I CAN'T SCREAM OUTDOORS BECAUSE THEN THE NEIGHBORHOOD THINKS A HOMICIDE TOOK PLACE
SO I CAN ONLY SCREAM INSIDE ALL OF THE TIME
NOT EVEN THIS CONFESSION IS ENOUGH TO RELEASE AN OUNCE OF MY STRESS
What are everyone's housing plans for winter quarter? I know people who have been getting houses in Pasadena together are staying next year but what about others. I've head people are living together in Portland and Seattle. How can I join??
It's sort of toxic how some Techers will just say a certain problem is obvious, and act condescending when explaining it. In some cases, they will not have solved the problem and say this, and I can imagine it's quite discouraging to a lot of students. Not really sure how to stop it either, though.
How hard are the classes here in comparison to other schools? Or how hard is core supposed to be for us frosh? I know I'm not the brightest or most knowledgable, but everyone active in the discord seems to think classes are easy. I think my friends in the humanities at other schools are doing the same things in their gen ed sciences, so I am starting to feel like I am just an idiot for not having an easier time here.
Sometimes in group projects I feel like I'm just holding everybody back. Like I'm a disappointment to my classmates by making them do all the work. 
Idk I know this is probably just a that I contribute a fair amount, I think I'm generally a credit to my teams and not a liability. 
And like, it's not a problem with communication. I know what I have to do, it's just actually doing it on time that's the problem.
Anyways, enough complaining. Back to the grind.
Is it weird that I don't have imposter syndrome? I mean I know I am much less capable than my peers since the work takes me longer to do and solve than others, but I don't feel like I don't belong. It might be because back home everyone I know thinks of me so highly, especially since out of all my firends back home I am the only one who goes to a private college. But wouldn't that cause me to feel more insecure about being here? I don't know, I'm just voicing my thoughts to the void.
I know imposter syndrome is a thing, but what if I’m actually not smart enough to be here and it’s not just in my head. I feel like I’m always slower and dumber than everyone else. Being incapable kind of sucks.
Girls here be like, "omg caltech had a eugenics history big sad, we must change the building names named after scientists"
Then vast majority of them proceed to choose tall good looking guys and proclaim " I want tall children ".
If you felt strongly about eugenics, why don't you lead by example and give short facially unattractive men a chance? Would appreciate actual arguments rather than name calling and anecdotal counterarguments.
Do you ever feel like people dislike you because they misunderstand you? I can be the most genuinely kind and loyal friend if you take the time to get to know me, but I can’t help but come across as cold/negative to people who don’t know me well 🙁 This makes me feel really self-conscious because I don’t want people to think I’m a bad person...
Fuck the discussion on Eugenics. Having that discussion on this page will never resolve anything. We should be discussing real issues such as why tf we’re not allowed to P/F classes this term like we did last term. Seriously it’s literally the exact same learning scenario but for whatever reason we must take classes on grades.
A surgeon gets tunnel vision when a routine surgery goes wrong. They panic and make a bad call that costs the patient their life. This call was technically following publicly accepted procedure*, but with the benefit of hindsight it was clearly a poor decision. However, there is no other evidence of negligence and no evidence whatsoever of malice or a lack of professionalism of any kind. This surgeon is statistically unlikely to be fired, facing only internal discipline. A significant portion of the time however, they would be fired, fair enough. It is highly unlikely they would face criminal charges of any kind (on the order of <0.1%). Let's say that they do face charges, they are likely to be on the order of reckless endangerment or negligent homicide, a prison sentence of significantly less than ten years. Even if they do somehow face this jail time, they are extremely unlikely to face long jail sentences for murder or manslaughter proper. Even in this unheard of universe where that happens, they are extremely unlike to face very long or life sentences. Even in this even more unheard of universe where that happens, they are extremely unlikely to face the death penalty. And even if somehow through a long series of ludicrously unrealistic circumstances this surgeon does face the death penalty for what was clearly a non-malicious case of professional negligence, in no fucking universe is there even a tiny discussion about an execution or even a prison sentence for the other surgeon who was carrying out the surgery but who did not participate in the mistake that caused the patient's death. Additionally, in no fucking universe is this surgical screw-up used by national organizations as justification for the fatal shooting of an 8 year old. So, I am asking some of you to do one of two things:
(1) Apply your logic consistently and openly advocate for the execution of tens of thousands of medical professionals every year (corresponding to the tens of thousands of annual patient deaths due to medical errors)
OR
(2) Understand why some "good cops" (yeah, yeah, yeah, "ACAB", we get it) and "good" political organizations are unsettled by Atlanta
*The reason why it is deemed part of legal procedure for an officer to shoot someone trying to taze them in Atlanta is that tasers were reclassified as ranged deadly weapons just prior to the shooting, at the request of BLM protestors; there was an earlier incident where an officer tazed someone for throwing glass bottles at police and instead of just wanting the officer fired and charged with excessive force or reckless endangerment, they wanted to charge him ex-post facto with assault with a deadly weapon and successfully lobbied for a change of legal status for tasers
All this time, I thought I was straight, I felt I was straight, I *was* straight. But now, I know that the only way I can move forward is to *know* that I am asexual, and be free of these chains.
All I wanna do is get high and have fun, no questions asked. That's all.
I don't understand how Caltech expects any of us to make a difference in our community. I'm working for a campaign and they've got me working 5-6 hours a day, on average. I pull all nighters twice or thrice a week and stay up until 3 am basically every day. I know that with all the distractions on campus I wouldn't be able to pull this off if we were in person. Aren't we here to make the world a better place? How can we do that if the workload here barely offers us opportunities to breathe, let alone volunteer?
The whites of Caltech are both racist and unimaginative. Not sure how it’s possible for them to lick the boot as hard as they do. I’d say they should leave the bubble and engage more with the Pasadena community, but the community really doesn’t deserve that punishment
I'm an Asian boy and I love hentai.
As a disclaimer, I support blm and all, as a latino who's gone through racism myself, but seeing all the fake woke people trying to hop on it as a trend has been really disheartening. And it feels like we're being ignored now that our issues are not "trendy" anymore and Trumpendejo has moved on to attacking other people. Especially because when I try to talk about any of our own problems, they try to shut us up.  Like for fuck's sake, if you're gonna tell me "it's not our time", "read the room", or even call me a racist when I'm trying to bring awareness to elotera grandpas getting attacked in the streets just tryna make a living in South LA, you can fuck off right now. We can care about multiple issues at once, people. And what's with bipoc, it's like they're trying to exclude latinos from these conversations about race that need to be had (yeah I know the "poc" theoretically includes us too, but why not just use that then, and say black and indigenous when we want to talk about black and indigenous, obviously).
I know this term's been rough on a lot of people, but I just really want to thank all the TAs, professors, and friends for making this term happen. Yes, writing on a tablet/stylus has been quite novel for many, and helping students at office hours can be quite rough and awkward at times. But...! the professors and TAs are doing it and making lots of progress. It's outstanding. What more? Collaborating is pretty difficult these days, but dear friends and upperclassmen at office hours and even outside of office hours, thank you for being there. Thank you for the small words of encouragement. Thank you for checking over my little mistakes. Thank you for being in this together with me, all of you... whether through call or text or muted Zoom screens. I know it's not the same, and I wish I could express my gratitude in person, but who knows, maybe without Zoom I wouldn't have met some of you quite as easily, with one click of a button. That said, we can all crush this term together! ❤ we got this!
Let me say first that the people here are genuinely kind, helpful, and just amazing overall. I'm a freshman, and while I found people to collaborate on psets together, I really haven't vibed with anyone. I know everyone is really busy, and I'm scared that I'm not going to be able to find close friends even on campus because everyone is caught up in academics.
Like Sfish said, you will DEFINITELY be able to make friends in-person. Once you rotate into a house the upperclassmen will be super duper excited to meet you and befriend you. Academic busy-ness will not be the roadblock, I promise you, lol. And if you're still worried I would love to be your friend. 😊
Sometimes when I'm typing in a codemonkeyesque bliss I pretend I am a world class pianist. Maybe I will press some keys and my hands will jump or I will type the same key with alternate fingers. Some staccato or legato. Caps lock is like adding pedal. Then I imagine all the bits I am sending are audible, but if they were it would sound like garbage which is true to my actual abilities. I think this is just a substitute for wanting to bring beauty to the world. When will that happen? Who knows, but I'm trying.
Bruh, Caltech admin has been busting their ass fighting Trump administration BS  in congress and in court on shit that actually matters and prevents students from learning and doing research (travel bans, visa crap, etc). Yet people make a big fuss because admin doesn't send an email or make a symbolic gesture in support of their favorite social issue. Chill out and stop being naive; Caltech has bigger fish to fry.
Starting Caltech online is terrifying. I can't tell if I am actually doing horribly, or if the first few quizzes are tough all around. I know there is a ton of material left, but the term is almost halfway over. It makes me feel like I already screwed myself. The only silver lining is that I think I am starting to understand what works for me. Maybe I will figure it out soon.
